here's what's for dinner tonight on
Tuesday night it's crock-pot Parmesan
chicken some homemade cheesy garlic
bread well a salad with this guy and
this girl here's what's for dinner
tonight and Wednesday night it's
homemade barbecue pork mac and cheese
I'll leave the recipe link down below I
just doubled it and mixed in our
leftover barbecue pork some grapes some
homemade cheesy garlic bread and some
zucchini fries
okay here's what's for dinner on Friday
night we are having some takeout pizza
Eric is working late all week this week
and we decided to just use some of our
family money to grab some pizza here's
what's for dinner on Saturday night it's
family night
Eric's finally not working and we are
having a burger off we got a bunch of
coupons in our paper for McDonald's and
Burger King for buy one get one so we
decided to compare so we have Big Macs
versus whoppers versus quarter pounder
and Burger King fries versus McDonald's
fries that is what's for dinner tonight
and then we are watching The Hobbit
here's what's for dinner tonight on
Saturday night Sunday night here's
what's for dinner
on Sunday night I just got done making
freezer meals so we're just having a
nice easy yeah I took some of the lunch
meat that we bought at Sam's Club and
sauteed some peppers and onions and I
put some cheese on top put in the
broiler a couple minutes it's good whoa
and that's what's for dinner tonight
okay Sanders
I am having a cheerio and a enchilada
race got skillet
there's Betty's in meat and potatoes and
delicious stuff and there's toast I have
a big burrito with the